Test 1, 2.
Testing 1, 2.
All by myself here.
Good to see everybody.
But you can tell if someone's lying.
You know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
Infection fatality rate.
Totalitarian protocols, right?
I mean, narcissists, essentially.
Anti-vaxxers have any grounds in this topic.
You're pure ends are your job.
Because the Amish aren't vaccinated.
They're not trained doctors, right?
What are we doing?
That the hospitals are being paid to give, right?
They're getting bonuses.
You can't find an autistic kid who is unvaccinated.
Very, very rare.
In the Amish community, very, very rare.
People really fall for it, especially if it has that anti-establishment bite to it.
Well, here we are.
It's 2025 and it still needs to be said.
Vaccines do not cause autism.
Now Dr. Gallo and Dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification.
Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
isolation, what was it?
Of the virus?
Well, you isolate a virus by
finding the virus which causes a disease.
You purify a virus by making a lot of, I mean, just by purifying it so you get a pure virus.
I don't understand what the issue.
They interchanged the two and I wasn't sure if it was the same thing or if it was two totally different.
No, it depends on how they used it.
Okay.
Can you explain the process of HIV isolation?
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it, so... I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
What time is it?
Game time!
Good afternoon, good afternoon, good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological.
It is a high-resistance, low-noise information stream brought to you by a biologist.
We try to say it as succinctly as possible here.
We don't like to waste our time with a bunch of words that don't mean anything.
Biology is definitely the way.
We are part of a new independent bright web that's still forming.
If you want to be a part of it, please sign up at GigaOMBiological.com.
I don't know why that's making noise.
We need to get ourselves off of social media, ladies and gentlemen.
That's the only non-compliance that matters.
We need to get our kids off of social media because it is a national security theater and it is a Lollapalooza of liars.
There's no stage that you can attend where the music will tell you the truth.
It is a huge, huge theater, and I am very convinced that the only way we win is if we stop watching.
Ladies and gentlemen, autism spectrum disorder is a myth used to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology.
Virology is never questioned as a science, and public health is never questioned as a reason.
They have done the same thing with the pandemic and with gain-of-function viruses as a mythology.
Make no mistake about it, it is one contiguous narrative.
It goes all the way back to HIV and chronic fatigue syndrome and 9-11 and anthrax and DNA vaccines and transfection and RNA vaccines.
It's all about the Human Genome Project and a gross exaggeration about what was accomplished and what is able to be accomplished with whole genome sequencing, what we can know and what we definitely don't know.
The Cheese is free on social media for one reason and one reason only, ladies and gentlemen.
They need you to participate.
They need you to admit who you are.
to answer every questionnaire every day so that they can keep track and figure out who the people are thinking are and what they're exactly thinking and what they think about and then when they crash the system and reset it they'll already have your background programmed in and they'll already know what to expect from you
Ladies and gentlemen, if you want me to look at something, read something, help you out with something, please send a large cash-filled envelope to Dr. J at P.O.
Box 802 Pebble Park, Pennsylvania 15102 along with a facsimile of that which you would like me to read and I will get right on it.
Ladies and gentlemen, I really am happy to be here today.
It's been a long week.
Lots of pressures in the house of all different kinds and sorts.
I won't belabor you with the details, but suffice it to say it's not an easy way for a family of five to make their way in the world with a father trapped where I am with a message that I have been given.
I don't know if that's the right word, but I find myself kind of alone with this understanding.
Not very many people are able to see what I see, which I think is really
The Right Now Show.
I love this name.
I think I'm going to start calling my Friday show The Right Now Show all the time.
Because we just need to kind of realize that social media tries very hard to convince you and your children to focus on right now.
Because that's all that matters.
Right now.
And ironically, what really matters in my humble opinion is whether or not you and your family, whether you and your kids, whether your grandparents and your parents and you are all on the same page about what kind of world and what kind of America you want for your children and what you want to pass on to their children.
And the fact of the matter is they have used social media to make our grandparents and our parents and our kids all on different pages, all focused on different parts of the narrative.
And I think one way that America can get out of it is to stay focused on what we can know, not take the bait on social media by getting off of it and starting to reacquaint ourselves with the idea of loving our neighbor.
You almost missed it there.
Stay focused on the biology.
because the fifth generation warfare is not focused on the biology, it's focused on getting you to argue about things that don't matter.
I think that's really the trick.
I really feel confident that the health freedom movement has been a trap for about 15 years and they may be quite off script right now.
I think they may be very vulnerable and the recent events
may in fact be an elaborate script change, an augmentation, a series of mistakes, or maybe even a full-on loss of control.
Remember, they are weaponizing social media in a way that is not completely in their control.
And one of the ways that you can at least pull yourself out is to download the PeerTube app.
and enter in the URL stream.gigaohm.bio and start watching this stream and Mark Hucytonic's work on the PeerTube app without giving any of your data away, without sharing, without needing to log in.
This is a big deal because if all content creators that you respected and that you wanted to listen to were using a
the PeerTube app, maintaining their own PeerTube website.
Essentially, we could put an end to the relevance of YouTube and streaming on X and any of this other nonsense by simply maintaining our own websites.
It's almost like going back to MySpace, but then just one step back.
You know, you're gonna take some
publicly available open source software and create your own sort of generic version of what I'm doing.
Upload your own little logo, change the color to what you want to change it to, and presto change-o, Bob's your uncle.
I think that Housatonic, I think that the Liberty Perspective, I think that even Uncaptured Media should be on Peertube, and I think we should start a non-profit with this as one of their primary aims.
And that's what I intend to do.
I also intend to keep up this search for the truth.
This search for the truth together.
Let me pop myself over here.
Oh, that didn't work.
That's small.
There we go.
I'm gonna get rid of this music.
It's good to be here.
Thank you very much for joining me today.
I apologize for not being here all week.
I'm still trying to get all my ducks in a row and figure out
from a day-to-day perspective, how I can dip into this filth and try to bring you a message of hope as often as possible.
And quite frankly, I'm no longer willing to come online unless I feel okay.
And it's not to say that I don't think those other messages are important, but I think I have about exhausted my ability to point out my own personal insight into this based on my own personal interaction with so many of these frauds.
And I think it's to be left for the book.
And I will finish that book, and it will be published, and it might even be free.
I just want all this information to be available for our children and their children.
So that if nothing else, they can seek the truth together, as that phrase up there suggests.
It has been about six years now since I thought I was awake when I wasn't and was rudely awakened by the shitshow that is the COVID-19 pandemic.
This was an elaborate national security theater that had been set up decades ago with 60 Minutes episodes and SARS and
and mares and all of this stuff.
It's all one malevolent show going all the way back to HIV, chronic fatigue syndrome, the whole nine yards.
And 9-11 was likely supposed to be a version of the COVID-19 pandemic, a version of 9-11, but with a biological spin to it.
And it's hard to really figure out why President, then only Senator Joe Biden, the day before 9-11 was talking very aggressively about the possibilities of all kinds of biological attacks, including an airplane full of anthrax.
And so I don't, I don't,
I don't purport to know what happened on 9-11.
I do suggest that not only were the buildings demolished, but they were demolished for a reason.
And that maybe even they were demolished and then we were told a different reason than what they were originally intended to be used for.
I'm not really sure.
I don't really care.
I think that the bottom line is that what we have right now is an elaborate illusion that we consider American history.
And for my personal and professional profile, for me, it is most important to
reassess what it is that I would consider to be fundamental biology, because that's where I found myself as a professional and a catamagician, a wannabe tenured professor in neurobiology and study the brain for the rest of my life.
And at the heart of that pursuit was this bad biology that, you know, we could learn a lot just based on the idea that evolution happened.
because we know it happened, because we found DNA.
That was at the heart of my understanding at the start of the pandemic in 2020.
I was so focused on neurobiology and the small pigeonhole set of questions that I was interested in, framed in the methodology that I was an expert in, that I hadn't really considered
Darwinian biology beyond the biology 101 explanation that I'd come to understand very well as a high school, you know, sophomore already.
So it's a magnificent thing.
in my own experience to have happened to myself and to my outlook on the world, given that I consider myself a biologist from birth almost, you know, since I was a little kid, I haven't been afraid of many things, except I was afraid of June bugs for a long time.
I just, I marvel and I am very humble.
when I say that it's taken me a whole lifetime to get where I am.
And if it wasn't for that lifetime of commitment to that lifetime of love of biology, I wouldn't have found myself where I am now, where I can humbly admit I have no idea what I was talking about.
from many perspectives before 2020.
And that I feel as though I have a great deal more respect and insight into what fundamental biology really is now after these six years of work.
And I'm very proud of that.
And so moving forward, I wanna try and build on that with regards to trying to provide for my family and also try to give back to those people who,
wittingly or unwittingly got me as far as they have gotten me up until now.
And so I think America is in a very terrifying place, quite frankly, and I think everybody who's been paying even remote attention would probably agree with that.
I'm pretty unnerved at the kind of rhetoric that I see.
I don't hear that kind of rhetoric on the street.
But social media leads me to believe that a lot of people are either on one side and believe that Donald Trump is part of a movement that's going to save America and we can't tolerate the left, we should put them in jail.
And then there's the
The other side, you know, that kind of thinks the opposite, that Donald Trump is the worst thing to ever happen on earth and that he's a bad guy and a rapist and a criminal and he's ruining America with his bad judges or something like that.
And Charlie Kirk was just one of these dudes who was a part of this, you know, movement that's destroying America.
And that dichotomy is not to be
is not to be disrespected, but it is to be mocked.
And the reason why it should be mocked is because that's not a 50-50 divide in America.
And I want everybody really to wake up to that fact.
It's really important to understand that unlike the elections that seem to be very close, 50-50, 51-49,
The split in America on Donald Trump and on Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and on COVID and on the vaccines is not 50-50.
The truth is not getting out.
And we are not at the verge of canceling a vaccine schedule and starting to retrospectively think about how it is that we got where we are.
We're not anywhere near that.
At best, we are in a situation where we are gonna admit that we took it a little too far, especially because all vaccines can't be good for all people, but mRNA has the methodological potential to be used for all people, to be personalized for all people.
Transfection and transformation by DNA and RNA represents the next generation of medicines.
And all of these people are scripted to kind of sort of aimlessly like sort of a drunken Kung Fu kind of wander there and then fall face first into personalized medicine that includes nucleic acid transfection and transformation, replacing the traditional vaccine schedule that over the next few years will be admitted to have some flaws.
Maybe even by the same people who are arguing about whether it has flaws or not right now.
And that wouldn't be very surprising because the same people have been in front of us for 20 years, arguing about the same things and promising us the same endpoints where we would have all the keys to the church and we would know exactly how to augment humans and fix genetic defects and this kind of thing.
And this is all based on the idea that we found DNA, therefore evolution explains everything.
We can understand why we are here because of evolution.
And of course, this is also the basis for their morality.
The idea that if this is the process that's occurring right now across generations, then as soon as we understand it, we are as a species kind of obligated to act on that knowledge.
And that would mean directed evolution.
That would mean selection.
That would mean eugenics.
That would mean making sure that we don't wander into a genetic space that isn't that great.
You know, we wouldn't want to find ourselves a thousand years from now in the Stone Age again, because we, I don't know, bred the wrong people.
That's where this is.
That's exactly what these people have been thinking for a couple generations.
That's what they tell each other at the dinner table.
And the people who are still focused from grandparent to parent to child think like this.
They believe that ultimately we should be thinking across generations.
We should be harvesting all of this data as much as we possibly can.
And they're already thinking about building the data infrastructure and the computing infrastructure necessary to apply a very brute force machine learning algorithm to the data that they know they need to collect.
They don't know what's going to come out the other side, but they are convinced it'll be a number greater than zero useful ideas and useful pieces of information.
And since the whole idea is, are we going to take control of the evolution of the species or not?
Then the answer is clearly yes.
And so once you're sitting at a table of people discussing this kind of premise and this kind of impetus for governance, then you're on a whole different page and a whole different timescale.
Now, is lying about history any big deal anymore?
Is telling little fibs about recent arguments between world leaders or what's going on in banks?
harmful at all if the end goal is to take control of the evolution of the species across generational time frames?
It's these kinds of time horizons that have almost been lost in our culture, where we're not really thinking about the world that we want to give to our kids, never mind the world that we want to work together with our children to build for their children.
That's why over the past couple days, I haven't had my parents from Wisconsin come here to help me.
I had some one random viewer from Switzerland come to my house and leave chocolate and a small bag of cash.
because social media has fractured us across generations so that my own parents don't want to help me build a better world for my kids so that when my kids have grandkids, it's a better place.
They're too concerned about themselves.
And I'm afraid that my family is not a weird anecdotal example of what has happened across America.
The weaponization of social media has made that occur across the Western world.
And we spend more time trying to kindle relationships with people on social media than we do trying to kindle relationships with living, breathing people that live right next door to us.
And now many, many people around the world are spending an enormous amount of their attention talking about one human.
shot by one other human caught on video.
When three million people die in America every year, just in America.
This biology must be unlearned.
That's how they trapped us.
We need to understand the biology behind the pandemic, why the numbers were available and what was necessary in order to game those numbers to make it seem like on all sides that this was possible.
Please, ladies and gentlemen, I implore you.
I implore you, my fellow Americans, please consider the possibility that we were not brought to this point in our country's history by chance.
That the disagreement that you may or may not have with your next door neighbor or the one across the street where one of us believes in the blue hat and one of us believes in the red hat and all of these narratives are completely incompatible cannot be by accident.
It is not just because Donald Trump got elected twice and it's really screwed things up.
It's not just because Donald Trump appointed a couple judges and because a couple more judges are fake and because they lie about it.
No, it's by design.
America is being euthanized.
Maybe we have been being euthanized since the nineties.
And we need to wake up right now.
There is no civil war.
There's no civil disagreement.
There is only social media that is ripping us apart.
If all of us got off of social media right now, all of this would end.
Because it's for all the marbles.
It's for the grandchildren of Earth.
And the only thing they need is for us to allow grandchildren, our grandchildren, to use corporate social media.
And it will be, without a doubt,
Game over.
And so that's why I think the substack of Peter McCullough is talking about what was written on the bullets.
That's why I think they're debating about all these other shootings.
That's why I think we're not having any intelligent debate about this.
They may have already lost control, ladies and gentlemen.
And if they haven't lost control, then I think you need to think about what that really means in terms of the theater, in terms of what's at stake, and in terms of what they are willing to do.
I'm not saying anybody killed Kobe Bryant, but boy, Nike is sure selling a lot of Kobe clothing and a lot of Kobe shoes and a lot of his daughter's named shoes.
Shamelessly.
And I wonder how much.
You know, like if an actor has read all of his lines, if it's not just as easy or even easier for the theater, not to bring him on stage anymore, but just kind of, you know, take him off stage and just refer to the previous acts.
And if the National Security Theater is at that level, requiring that level of participation, well, then I don't know what to tell you, ladies and gentlemen, but these substacks are bullshit.
And these people with substacks are full of shit.
Because you don't need to write a substack to get here.
You don't need to write pages and pages of substacks six days a week like any of these people have done for the last five years to get here.
You don't need to study vaccines for 25 years to get right there.
It took me about three.
And I had people actively trying to prevent me from getting there, where intramuscular injection's actually a dumb idea from the late 1800s, and I've got the actual physical books to prove it.
Transfection of healthy humans was always a crime, and I have the professional background to prove it.
And I would be willing to testify to it in a court of law.
RNA cannot pandemic.
And I have the professional and molecular background to argue that.
And I would argue it against anybody, including Kevin McKernan, who curiously enough, in 2023, I already did argue with him.
And I already did wipe the floor with him like a dirty mop.
Autism is a meaningless word by design.
and arguing about its causes is like arguing about the causes of car crashes and not being any more specific than that.
Car crashes are terrible.
They usually involve more than one car and can often kill people.
Car crashes are caused by a combination of environmental and genetic factors.
It's exactly that stupid.
And it's exactly that stupid by design.
Exactly as stupid as calling somebody who is a man who wants to be a woman because that's how he feels a trans woman.
That's ridiculous.
And it's by design.
That's why the bad biology is the easy way out, right?
The bad biology is so easy to expose.
I only need one slide.
And anybody, if my head wasn't in the way, could read it in less than a minute.
Jessica Rose has never gotten here.
Robert Malone's never gotten here.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr., Mary Holland, none of them have ever gotten here.
And Peter Hotez has never gotten here.
Tony Fauci has never been able to get here and explain to you any of these things and why they would be wrong.
In fact, I would go so far as to say Debunk the Funk, Dan Wilson, and Professor Dave, and anybody else on that side will never touch this slide.
We'll never tell you why autism isn't a meaningless word.
We'll never tell you exactly how is it that RNA can pandemic over years and decades.
How is it that transfection of healthy humans isn't what we just did?
And why wouldn't that be old technology that all of you have lied about?
Explain to me how it is that intramuscular injection isn't just a dumb idea from the late 1800s, but it's actually great.
They won't do it.
Because they can't, because this is the end.
Just like when you say 9-11 wasn't about Muslim terrorists, it's the end.
Unless you're gonna say it's space lasers, it's the end.
Because what they want you to do is blame the Jews at the end of the rainbow with the big pot of gold.
instead of blaming a puppeteered military state that has been governing us by a theater for a very, very, very long time that may have even involved remote control airplanes for the love of goodness.
It's all one malevolent show.
That's why Tony Fauci was on stage for so long.
That's why Peter Daszak was on 60 Minutes across years.
That's why George Webb was on 60 Minutes in February.
And that's why Robert Malone provided the link in his substack in 2022.
That's why Robert Malone has three books with children's health defense and Skyhorse Publishing, and that's why Skyhorse Publishing has a book in 2008 where they project that the presidential candidate would take independent Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
as his vice president, and that Republican president would get shot, and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
would become president of the United States and save the world.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have been had.
We have been had, ladies and gentlemen.
Oh my goodness, we have been had.
This is Democracy Now!, democracynow.org.
Yesterday, I took the time to show you that Democracy Now!, a largely internet thingy thing with an Indian co-host, has been on for a long time, and they have been pushing this anti-vax narrative chorus for a long time.
And in fact, as back as far as 2015, Mary Holland and Rand Paul and Paul Offit were doing the thing.
And 10 years later, it's funny because Rand Paul and Mary Holland and Paul Offit are still doing the thing.
And so it's pretty curious.
I think it's really important for everybody to be able to see this.
And I'm going to skip through that one because that's just the next video with Mary and then another video with Paul.
It's remarkable.
With grief and anger at the heinous assassination of Charlie Kirk on a college campus in Utah okay, so what I would like to do is listen to this statement without making too many comments because I will I will become very dark very fast But I just want to play this whole statement in you know without taking it out of context and then we're gonna watch democracy now and watch them cover a
Charlie Kirk thing yesterday and a little bit of this statement, but not the whole thing So that's why I thought I'd play it first the whole thing and I apologize ahead of time if I do stop it to make a comment But I don't think I will I don't I hope he doesn't say anything too dumb here
Charlie inspired millions and tonight all who knew him and loved him are united in shock and horror.
Sorry, I had to interrupt him already, but I forgot.
I wanted to interject at the beginning and say that Robert Malone did a substack yesterday where he said that Charlie Kirk was his spiritual advisor.
And I don't think the studio audience heard that.
Robert Malone did a substack yesterday where he said that Charlie Kirk was his spiritual advisor.
There, there they heard it.
So it's pretty important, right?
Don't forget that Donald Trump
Don't forget that Donald Trump is the answer to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's 20 years of prayer.
Apparently, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
has been praying every morning for 30 minutes on his knees that God would put him in a position to cure the chronic disease epidemic in America.
And Donald Trump is the answer to those prayers.
And Donald Trump has put him at the head of NIHHS, and now he has been busy doing this thing that God put him in a position to do, although I'm not really sure that that's a genuine portrayal of who he is, where he is, how he got there, or what he's doing.
And I don't want to be the guy who says that that's fraud, but I'm not buying it.
I'm not buying it any more than I'm buying Sherry Tenpenny saying that she actually heard the voice of God.
And that's why she works on vaccines and I don't know, goes on beach vacations and reads.
I mean, these people and their associates, the people that encourage them, the people that fund them, they are all part of an elaborate con.
And I think we need to wake up quick as an America.
And the rest of the world needs to wake up, that they don't understand what's happening to America, what's being done to Americans.
And so while you're over in your other countries in Europe or around the world judging what you think's happening in America, rest assured, whatever you see through the window of your social media is not what's happening in America.
It's exactly what the oligarchs in America would like you to see.
The ones that have,
been busy euthanizing the American experiment for the last 50 years or so.
Charlie was also a man of deep, deep faith, and we take comfort in the knowledge that he is now at peace with God in heaven.
Our prayers are with his wife, Erica, the two young, beloved children, and his entire family, who he loved more than anything in the world.
We ask God to watch over them in this terrible hour of heartache and pain.
This is a dark moment for America.
Charlie Kirk traveled the nation, joyfully engaging with everyone interested in good faith debate.
Now, there's a choice to be made here, in my humble opinion, as to whether to say that this is a symptom of the divide in America and that there are
you know, the actions of the shooter represent the desires of an entire side of America versus, you know, what has been done in the past, as far as I can remember, and always accentuating the fact that this person who did what they did doesn't represent the morals and ideals of American society, and that, you know, we want to make sure that we all acknowledge that, whereas now,
For the first time really in American history, it does really appear on social media as though all of our leaders and influencers are going all in on the idea that this is intolerable and that anybody who speaks like this might even need to go in jail.
Maybe we need some camps.
And so remember, it's a very quick flip of the switch here.
You know, these are the free speech people that got into office because, you know, COVID was censorship and censorship shouldn't be allowed.
But now they're already firing people for saying that Charlie Kirk had it coming, or he might have asked for it, or F around and find out.
All of these people are getting fired from their jobs now for simply saying that it's a dangerous life that he chose.
going from university to university and humiliating a few people at every university because there are people who stepped to him and lost.
And so amplifying those things on social media and social media being militarized against us, obviously is not anything that he's talking about.
And it's nothing that anyone else is talking about.
No one is going to tell you that without social media, that wouldn't have happened.
They want you to believe that there are lots of Americans out there that are motivated enough to plan ahead enough to scout out a building, to get keys to a door, to prop a door open, to get a rifle, to carve some shit into some bullets, carry it up on there, to make one good shot, and then to try and get away.
Even though most Americans can't even motivate themselves for a week of exercise.
The only way that happens is social media, just like the only way that a kid from my kid's high school would have been on a roof in Butler, Pennsylvania in 2024 taking a shot at Donald Trump is because of social media.
It's not because people are crazy, it's not because people on the left are the party of murder, and it's not because the people on the right are nationalist Christians.
It's because of social media, and none of the scripted actors who are on social media and using it against us are ever gonna tell you that.
His mission was to bring young people into the political process, which he did better than anybody ever.
to share his love of country and to spread the simple words of common sense.
On campuses nationwide, he championed his ideas with courage, logic, humor, and grace.
It's a long past time for all Americans and the media to confront the fact that violence and murder are the tragic consequence of demonizing those with whom you disagree day after day, year after year,
in the most hateful and despicable way possible.
For years, those on the radical left have compared wonderful Americans like Charlie to Nazis and the world's worst mass murderers and criminals.
This kind of rhetoric is directly responsible for the terrorism that we're seeing in our country today, and it must stop right now.
My administration will find each and every one of those who contributed to this atrocity and to other political violence, including the organizations that fund it and support it, as well as those who go after our judges, law enforcement officials, and everyone else who brings order to our country.
From the attack on my life in Butler, Pennsylvania last year,
which killed a husband and father to the attacks on ICE agents, to the vicious murder of a health care executive in the streets of New York, to the shooting of House Majority Leader Steve Scalise and three others.
Radical left political violence has hurt too many innocent people and taken too many lives.
Tonight, I ask all Americans to commit themselves to the American values for which Charlie Kirk lived and died, the values of free speech, citizenship, the rule of law, and the patriotic devotion and love of God.
Charlie was the best of America and the monster who attacked him was attacking our whole country.
An assassin tried to silence him with a bullet, but he failed because together we will ensure that his voice, his message and his legacy will live on for countless generations to come.
Today, because of this heinous act, Charlie's voice has become bigger and grander than ever before.
and it's not even close.
May God bless his memory, may God watch over his family, and may God bless the United States of America.
Thank you.
I mean, by design, right?
Nobody in the greater Western world is gonna take that guy seriously.
Everyone in the greater Western world is gonna be shown the worst clips
where Charlie Kirk is talking about black people not having the intelligence to get where they are, so they had to fill the spot of white people.
And again, remember, one of the things that Charlie Kirk does very poorly, in my humble opinion, is talk about white and black as if that's a real thing, which of course, from a biological perspective, it most certainly is not.
And yet in America, one of the things that apparently everybody agrees on is that white and black is a real thing.
And we should fight about it.
And we should choose a team.
And that's the mistake.
That's the mistake that they always trick us into, you know, like the natural virus or the lab leak trick.
Or, you know, the gender spectrum trick, or no, it's just XY and XX.
It's all a presupposition that you accept.
And that presupposition that you accept is always the slavery.
It's always the trap.
It's always the mental servitude.
And so this guy's not going to tell you it's social media because he wants you on social media.
He just wants truth social to be more influential than, than X is.
There is a, of course, a version called Mastodon on which you could, you know, run your own platform like a soapbox and then everybody could just follow you and it would be just kind of a federated decentralized version of this.
It actually exists because Blue Sky is that.
Truth Social is that.
Soapbox of Gigaohm Biological is that.
It's all equivalent.
There is a de-federated social media that we could use.
and that in fact Donald Trump is using.
Let's do it, ladies and gentlemen.
I think we can do it.
I think we can.
I think we can dispel this theater.
But it's very scary because, again, what we are supposed to believe is that in a world where adults cannot motivate themselves to regularly exercise, we are supposed to believe that someone with strong feelings woke up one day and decided to plan to shoot somebody at a public event.
and followed through to full success.
You know, like people who make New Year's resolutions that they're going to exercise three days a week and can't even make it to February.
People that schedule dates and then cancel them.
People that sign up for ballies and then, you know, get into long lawsuits with them because they don't want to follow through with even a year.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's just absurd.
The only way that it could have happened is with social media.
And if it wasn't social media, then it was a professional killer and all bets are off.
Who cares?
It's just dumb then.
Because all the people on social media are trying to tell us it was some kind of spontaneous action that reflects the way that people think in America.
And it's not.
It's just not.
This is Democracy Now, democracynow.org, The War and Peace Report.
I'm Amy Goodman.
And I'm Nermeen Shaikh.
Welcome to our listeners and viewers across the country and around the world.
Look at her face.
This is Democracy Now, democracynow.org, The War and Peace Report.
I'm Amy Goodman.
And I'm Nermeen Shaikh.
Are they laughing?
Are these two national security state actors just laughing as they come into this segment?
Look very carefully and tell me they're not laughing.
This is Democracy Now, democracynow.org, The War and Peace Report.
I'm Amy Goodman.
And I'm Nermeen Shaikh.
Welcome to our listeners and viewers across the country and around the world.
A manhunt is underway in Utah after the prominent far-right activist Charlie Kirk was assassinated on Wednesday as he spoke before a large outdoor crowd at Utah Valley University on the first stop of his fall campus tour.
Kirk was 31 years old.
He founded Turning Point USA when he was just 18, which grew into the largest right-wing youth movement in the country.
He was a close ally of President Trump and one of the most influential young voices in the MAGA movement.
Police believe Kirk was killed by a single shot, possibly fired from a nearby roof.
Kirk was shot as he was responding to a question by an audience member about how many transgender individuals have been mass shooters.
There's a lot, right?
I'm going to give you some credit.
Do you know how many mass shooters there have been in America over the last 10 years?
So he wasn't asked about trans shooters.
He was asked about how many mass shooters have there been in America.
And then Charlie will respond with, are you including gang violence?
So it's very curious that our scripted shithead says specifically that he was being asked about trans people.
But clearly the context that she shows has nothing to do with trans people.
It is bewildering unless you understand that we are being played.
counting or not counting gang violence.
Great.
Police have not yet identified transgender individuals have been single shot, possibly fired from a nearby roof.
Kirk was shot as he was responding to a question by an audience member about how many transgender individuals have been mass shooters.
I'm going to give you some credit.
Do you know how many mass shooters there have been in America over the last 10 years?
Counting or not counting gang violence.
Great.
Police have not yet identified the shooter, but on Wednesday night, President Trump blamed the shooting on, well, what he called the radical left.
It's long past time for all Americans and the media to confront the fact that violence and murder are the tragic consequence of demonizing those with whom you disagree day after day, year after year, in the most hateful and despicable way possible.
For years, those on the radical left have compared wonderful Americans like Charlie to Nazis and the world's worst
mass murderers and criminals.
This kind of rhetoric is directly responsible for the terrorism that we're seeing in our country today.
And it must stop right now.
My administration will find each and every one of those who contributed to this atrocity and to other political violence, including the organizations that fund it and support it, as well as those who go after our judges, law enforcement officials, and everyone else who brings order to our country.
During his address, Trump referenced several other attacks on public figures, including attempts on his own life, but made no mention of any Democratic politicians who've been the target of political violence.
The shooting of Charlie Kirk And so there they are, showing the video of Butler, PA, and him touching his ear.
And I don't really know what to say, other than I think you're going to have to accept that the worst-case scenario is very bad.
I don't think Trump knew that that was going to be staged, but I do think that it was staged.
And I do think that he was told that if you hear gunshots, you put your hand to your ear and get down.
And he didn't need to know any more than that.
All he had to do was have one or two security agents that were aware of what else needed to be done.
And the rest is history.
Pose for the photograph.
And now we're even going to make a painting of the photograph.
And so when we have the leaders of the EU over, we're going to refer to the photograph and say, that wasn't a very good day.
Is that really what people do when they get shot at?
That they put a picture of it up on the wall?
A great big one?
Is that really what you do?
Is that the class act kind of thing?
I don't know, ladies and gentlemen.
I just don't buy it.
And I'm not saying Charlie Kirk wasn't shot.
I'm saying that the same people who were willing to fake that shooting in Butler, Pennsylvania and blame it on a high school kid that nobody even talks about anymore, but lives like supposedly four blocks from my house and goes to the same fricking high school as my kid does.
This is just absurd.
It is absolutely positively absurd.
They have lost control of the big narrative and they never expected to lose control of it like they've lost it.
And the people that have lost control of the narrative are exactly the people that they needed to be the focus of it.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr., Robert Malone, all of these people are absolute frauds.
And the only reason why people know is because of me and Mark Kulak and just a couple other people, because there's a whole chorus
and a whole symphony of social media and a whole bunch of highly paid actors that are out there pretending that real events are happening and, and you know, we just are, this is the consequences of having a crazy president and a crazy HHS secretary and a crazy populace.
It has nothing to do with the militarization of social media and the scrambling of people's brains by it.
Nothing at all.
comes less than three months after a Trump supporter assassinated Democratic state lawmaker Melissa Hortman and her husband in their home.
Meanwhile, a number of prominent right-wing figures are already calling for Trump to target left-wing groups.
Elon Musk wrote on X, quote, the left is the party of murder.
The left is the party of murder.
That's exactly the opposite of saying that, you know, people like this guy don't represent the morals and principles of the United States and that all American citizens are united in opposing this kind of violence.
Isn't that what adults are supposed to say?
And yet we don't have a president that will say it.
We don't have a billionaire that will say it.
We don't have anyone that will say it.
In fact, the left is only going to say, I told you so, that he had it coming.
This is not by accident.
This is by design.
And America needs to understand that the only way out is to disengage from social media and to re-engage with your neighbors.
They want us to have a civil war so that they can have every reason to turn off the internet
Turn on martial law and turn on digital ID.
I guarantee it.
All we got to do is rise to the occasion and start fighting.
All they need to do is pretend that we've already started fighting.
Maybe even they'll release a bunch of people and encourage a bunch of people to pretend there's fighting and then show it on the television.
We need to be ready, ladies and gentlemen, because it's not going to get better.
It's going to get worse because the narrative is breaking.
The control that social media has over the world is starting to shake and shatter.
The illusion is starting to break.
And so now they're doubling down.
They need more sirens.
They need more smoke.
They need more panic.
And everybody that's locked in, they need to make sure they stay locked in because everybody that gets out stays out.
Welcome to the real battle.
The Manhattan Institute's Christopher Rufo wrote on X, the last time the radical left orchestrated a wave of violence and terror, J. Edgar Hoover shut it all down within a few years.
It's time within the confines of the law to infiltrate, disrupt, arrest and incarcerate all of those who are responsible for this chaos.
Are we really supposed to believe that they couldn't just simply
you know, program a few things into social media and we wouldn't know who all these people are instantly, including having IP addresses and addresses and everything.
Are we really supposed to believe that that's not even, that's a joke, right?
This is a joke.
Anybody that's posting violent messages on social media is already well-known, already on a list, just like anybody that doubts the Trump shooting is already on a list with me.
just like anybody who questions the no virus narrative as well as they question the COVID narrative is on a list just like me.
And there ain't very many people that are on these really important lists, you know, like the list that doesn't believe in space lasers and 9-11.
the list that knows about the DNA anthrax vaccine, the list that knows about Estes' keep offer, the list that knows that Les Weinstein, the father of Eric and Brent Weinstein, worked with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's dad.
That list is very frickin' tiny.
But it is a list.
Meanwhile, the far-right influencer Laura Loomer also wrote on X, quote, the best way President Trump So these people are saying that X is important, that X is a kind of place to pay attention to, that Substack is a kind of place to pay attention to, and the colleague of Sasha Latupova's daughter Soph, Laura Loomer, is somebody to pay attention to.
And that's how you can see that it's all one malevolent show.
These people, in theory, could cover anything they wanted to.
They don't have to give national and worldwide attention on their platform to Laura Loomer, but they do because they're scripted.
Because they're scripted.
can reinforce Charlie's legacy is by cracking down on the left with the full force of the government.
Jail every single leftist who makes a threat of political violence.
Think about that.
Now suddenly free speech is out the window, right?
Think about how absurd it is that they're talking like that.
That's not American.
I mean, this is just ridiculous.
It's absurdity at its best.
And that's the reason why I think now's the time to head for the exits.
Now's the time to grab your kids and show them that you made a mistake, apologize to them and start explaining to them while the vast majority of adults in America and the rest of the Western world are confused.
They are confused because they are using social media in an incredibly naive way.
We can't allow for these people to live among us in society.
These comments come despite evidence the vast majority of political violence in the United States is committed by the far right.
Last year, a unit of the Department of Justice published a major study on domestic terrorism.
It found, quote, "...since 1990, far-right extremists have committed far more ideologically motivated homicides than far-left or radical Islamist extremists, including 227 events that took more than 520 lives," unquote.
We're joined now by Jeff Charlotte, who's written extensively about political violence.
He's journalist, author and professor of English and creative writing at Dartmouth College.
His latest book is The Undertow, Scenes from a Slow Civil War.
His most recent post on Substack is The Struggle is Long.
Thank you.
Substack and X, Substack and X, Elon Musk and Peter Thiel, Substack and X, exactly like PBS NewsHour, exactly like Meet the Press, exactly like all of these shows because it is one malevolent show that is trying to increase the relevance of social media platforms around the world and their ability to inform the public or misinform them.
which is one of the central ways that people are governed.
Once you see it, you'll know why you need to download the PeerTube app and why you need to encourage the people that you trust to make their own website and provide their content on a PeerTube server.
No more apps, no more algorithms, no more YouTube, no more Rumble.
All of this shit goes.
Thank you so much for joining us, Professor Jeff Charlotte.
First, if you can respond to this horrific moment yesterday, as he was taking questions from the crowd.
The assassination, one bullet to the neck.
Talk about your response.
I talk about your response.
I mean, this is just so gross.
I think I think we're in a moment of great peril.
The minute I heard this, spending the time that I do amongst
right-wingers and reading right-wing media and fascist media and understanding their imagination of the moment, which islook, I'm not going to take away that they've lost one of their own, and I don't doubt some of them mourn him, but you also see a certain amount of
glee rippling through that world.
The language that I keep seeing is the gloves are off.
Everything's on the table.
It's on.
Now it's time to do it, right?
So there's a... And again, that's him using social media to try and understand what he thinks is a part of the American population.
And that is either just buffoonery or it is scripted bullshittery.
But it's something wrong.
Because there is no left and there is no right except for on social media.
There is no MAGA movement, there is no MAHA movement, except for on social media.
There is no resistance, except for on social media.
There is no vaccine skepticism and anti-vax movement, except for on social media.
There's no intellectual dark web, except for on social media.
And there's no independent bright web, except for on PeerTube at stream.gigaohm.bio at the moment.
a sense in which, rather than mourning their fallen comrade, they're seeing it as some fallen comrade, even though the left is the commies?
Like, see what they're doing here?
See how stupid it is?
are seeing it as a license to further escalate political violence.
Well, Jeff Charlotte, if you could just provide some broader context, explain who Charlie Kirk was.
Oh, she has her Claire Craig glasses on, her Whitney Webb glasses, her, you know.
Was, and the kind of extremely broad influence that he had.
I mean, some have commented that in fact- Is that an Amish dress with that stupid collar?
What is going on here?
He was more important for Trump than some of his cabinet secretaries.
Yeah, I really think this is he's one of the great underestimated figures outside right wing organizing circles.
And that's because he had a three hour daily, three hour talk show.
He had a bigger presence on TikTok than most political figures.
And so there he is with Steve Bannon, of course.
He was misunderstood as an influencer, and he was that.
But primarily and fundamentally, what he was, was an organizer and a very, very effective one.
You know, political analysts quibble over how essential he was to swinging so much of the youth vote to Trump.
But there's no question that he was a huge, huge part of it.
And he did that by
transforming far-right youth politics in America.
The previous organizations had always been built around ideology.
Rather, it was kind of a William F. Buckley conservatism or libertarianism.
And Kirk's insight was that
absolute devotion to the great leader, cult of personality, a central tenet of fascism.
His politics would change.
His enemies were Trump's enemies, whoever that was that day.
He was in so many waysand I think Trump viewed him, this, as the son he really wanted to have.
a figure of tremendous influence.
And I think that's important for us to understand, because the scale of the right-wing reaction is going to beis going to correlate with that.
Professor Charlotte, talk about Turning Point USA.
What is the significance of this organization and his role in building it?
So he founded it in 2012, and at the time, he was kind of a Tea Party Republican.
18 years old, right?
Yes, he was a young guy.
He decided to drop out of college.
I think a lot of people make a lot of that, and he couldn't even go to college.
What the guy could do was organize and charm a rich old white man and raise money, and he did it.
And he grew and grew it.
and then took a turn toward Christian nationalism.
It had originally been largely secular.
It had originally been somewhat indifferent to or agnostic on LGBTQ plus rights.
But he would see the moment.
He was very good at, like his, you know, his hero, Trump, at sort of tacking ever rightward, wherever the current would take him.
He built it to this behemoth.
And so, again, what he's telling is a story of a guy who single-handedly built a network based on rich white men giving him money and going from campus to campus.
And it's very similar story to how, you know, despite everybody's best efforts, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and CHD have been able to grift for like 10 years to the tune of multi-million dollars for over these years, even though they're just telling lies.
And even though apparently this guy's just peddling a weak form of Christian nationalism as it suits him and never really was a Christian nationalist from the beginning, he's just some guy who gets away with grifting.
It's such a weird, you know, how does somebody just have the knack to build a network of millions of people without any help?
without, despite the best efforts of all the people that don't want him to succeed, Donald Trump has become president of the United States.
Despite Paul Offit and all these people fighting for the truth against the anti-vax movement, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
has gotten paid a half a million dollars a year for almost 10 years, and Mary Holland and Brian Hooker have both gotten paid more than a quarter million dollars a year for the last 10 years, despite the fact that they're just peddling lies.
I'm sorry, but what I see here is just scripted actors reacting to the changes in the script, the parts that aren't in their little script.
They just have to kind of play it by ear.
They know the third rails, they know what they're supposed to say, and what they're supposed to say is something that leads to or evokes the premise of a civil war, which is ridiculous.
Because if we have one, it will only be because of and on social media.
I think it's worth noting because you're seeing some people saying, well, I disagree with what he said, but he was a champion of free speech.
He died debating.
Look, the fact that he was murdered doesn't change the fact that he was an opponent of free speech.
There's no other way to cut it for a man who created something called professor watch list, school board watch list to name and frighten
uh people from teaching so you see why that's a problem right because he he did advocate for free speech it's on his website they just showed his website it's definitely there limited government the whole thing but then also at the same time seemingly his script is contradictory to that we could put up hours of videos that would really be kind of
odd if we then regularly interspersed his testimony about Jesus and his testimony about Christ or his speaking about the Bible and Scripture.
It would seem very odd, you know, some of these comments about black people and their intelligence.
It would seem very odd with some of these, you know, again, professor watch lists and trying to, you know, expose people in that way where
And I'm not saying that this guy's right about Charlie.
I'm not saying that Charlie's a good guy or a bad guy.
I'm saying that the script allows for this level of confusion.
So that the only thing that can really happen to me if I try to get in here is to be a part of that confusion.
And that's why it is obvious to me now in my heart, in my head, and in my very soul, that getting off of social media is the only thing that we can do to save ourselves.
Because this is a theater and it does not matter how real it is.
It does not matter how fake it is.
It is a theater that combines actors and scripts and myths.
And it's only feasible because we buy the ticket and we fricking open our phone and we start scrolling.
advocated restrictions on what school teachers could teach, who called for, and there's a clip you can see online, who called for the televised public executions.
And he had a pretty broad category in mind, but what was really chilling was he wanted this to be required viewing for children.
And you can look at this clip and you can see his- And so does that sound like a guy, you know, who's
who's a follower of Jesus Christ.
And you know, Donald Trump didn't say that Donald Trump said God, and that he was a man of faith, but actually Jay Bhattacharya tweeted today that this was a man of Christ.
Jay Bhattacharya, NIH secretary tweeted, NIH director, that this was a man of Christ and he knew him.
I don't want to be as dark as I feel, but it's very dark, ladies and gentlemen, because this is a malevolent script full of lies, and even lies about Jesus Christ.
And that sucks.
And so all the advice I can give you is that if you are a person of faith, I suggest that you pray.
Because I don't have the answers.
And I know social media does not have the answers.
I know that old books might have the answers.
I know that our heart has a lot more answers than social media does.
And so you need to learn to think again.
We need to learn to see again.
His colleagues, they're sort of trolling, but Kirk again and again pulls it back to seriousness.
And he says, no, no, no, this isn't a joke.
This has to be a holy experience, a teaching experience for children watching enemies be killed.
That is not a champion of free speech.
Jeff Charlotte, his main issues, immigration, women's rights, abortion, gun control, a major one, as you talked about.
He repeatedly praised the Second Amendment.
This is going back to April 2023.
Never live in a society where you have an armed citizenry and you won't have a single gun death.
That is nonsense.
It's drivel.
But I think it's worth it.
I think it's worth to have a cost of unfortunately some gun deaths every single year so that we can have the second amendment to protect our other God given rights.
And this is Charlie Kirk speaking on his podcast in June discussing mass.
So is it possible that somebody would shoot him for that opinion?
See the level of insight that these people have is very, very skewed in a way that can only be explained by a script.
deportation, what he called Project 10 Million, which would launch a soft civil war, he said, in the United States.
I'm telling you, everybody, we need to do Project 10 Million.
Project 10 Million is removing the 10 million alien invaders in this country.
We have 25, 30 million.
10 million is going to be a big number in four years, which is basically going to launch a soft civil war in the major cities.
That's why what's happening in New York is so important, which we'll talk about later in the show.
That's why what's happening in L.A.
is so important.
So that was Charlie Kirk.
Chef Charlotte, your response?
Yeah, you know, you said his big issues and you gave a list.
I would say his big issue was singular.
It was whiteness.
And he would express it in any number of different kinds of ways.
When he spoke of immigration, he was a subscriber to the conspiracy theory known as the Great Replacement Theory.
And he was explicit in his very old school anti-Semitic ideas that mysterious Jewish donors were funding an effort to de-whiten
America.
He was radicalizing even further rightward before his eyes.
Until 2023, he would praise MLK.
Afterwards, he started calling the Civil Rights Act one of the great wrongs of American life.
And he would engage in openly racist talk, saying that, I don't even like to give a voice, but saying that black women didn't have the mental processing power to hold these positions.
And so now he's misrepresenting those words, because he was referring to specific black men and specific black women when he said that, even though I'm not defending the statement.
I'm just showing you how even these reporters can't seem to get it right.
It is the lack of precision combined with the seeming certainty.
that shows you it's a national security theater.
These people aren't trying to be measured with their words.
They aren't trying to be humble.
They are certain, just like Donald Trump was certain, just like Elon Musk on X, appears to be certain that there is a right, that there is a left, and that they're about to fight.
And it's just stupid because there are only confused Americans that have skillfully used social media with a great deal of naivety.
It's a military operation.
Responsibility.
And if you saw one in such a place, she had stolen that job.
Again and again, it came into whiteness.
And he closed it in a Christianity that was unrecognizable to so many Christians of real faith.
It was an extreme language.
And as with Trumpism in general, it was
mutating and moving ever rightward right before our eyes.
Mutating and ever moving rightward.
Back to Claire Craig from India.
After the shooting, soon after the shooting yesterday, Wednesday, you warned people not to celebrate.
You wrote, if I have any credibility with you from 20 years of reporting on right wing and fascist movements, please listen when I beg you not to celebrate Charlie Kirk getting shot.
Don't celebrate it.
Don't mock it.
On the one hand, you saw quotes.
Why would anybody do that?
Why would he have the preconception that people would be inclined to do that?
It's remarkable, ladies and gentlemen, because nobody will admit it's just social media.
Nobody will even entertain the option that it's just social media.
people on social media doing that.
On the other hand, this morning, you've commented on this pieceand I'd just like to read an excerptNew York Times opinion columnist Ezra Klein writing this morning, quote,
You can dislike much of what Kirk believed, and the following statement is still true.
Kirk was practicing politics in exactly the right way.
He was showing up to campuses and talking with anyone who would talk to him.
He was one of the era's most effective practitioners of persuasion.
When the left thought its hold on the hearts and minds of college students was nearly absolute, Kirk showed up again and again to break it.
Slowly, then all at once, he did.
He did.
College-age voters shifted sharply right in the 2024 election," Ezra Klein wrote again this morning in The New York Times.
So, if you could comment on that.
Yeah, I mean, here's a really, to me, very simple fact.
Murder is murder.
You don't celebrate it.
You don't need to mock it.
But you also don't euphemize.
You don't whitewash the dead.
Kirk did not practice politics in the right way.
He boasted of fomenting the J6 insurrection.
As I said, he called for televised
executions.
He used the most vile language.
He practiced a McCarthyism on campuses.
This is not free speech.
There is no need in speaking.
We can speak against political violence.
Now, again, this is not a real argument.
The New York Times reporter is scripted.
This guy is scripted.
They don't need to know they're being played.
They just need to be this naive.
His social feed is social media feed is weaponized against him The social media feed of Ezra Klein is weaponized against him and these people only see who they're meant to see These people probably don't even know who Robert Malone was until three months ago Ladies and gentlemen, we can break out America can be free of this and it is very simple you get your kids off of social media and
without somehow twisting ourselves around to defend others who spoke for it.
We don't have to imitate Kirk's violent rhetoric, nor do we have to cover it up.
We have to name it accurately.
Accurately is what it was.
We have to name the murder
of Kirk accurately as what it was, an assassination, a murder.
And, you know, I said, if I haveif my, whatever, 20 years of reporting gives me any credibility, a whole lot of people told me it doesn't.
We're in a moment where I understand the anger ofpeople want to celebrate it.
They thinkI hear people saying, you know, what more can fascism
Let me be clear, only in a world where adults cannot motivate themselves to exercise, social media can do it.
Social media could make a person with strong feelings wake up one day and decide to plan to shoot somebody at a public event.
But that's it.
That's the only way that somebody by the name of Matt Crooks from my kid's high school could have been on a roof in 2024.
That's the only way that some random might have done this.
And I don't think, in this case, a random did it.
But I want you to understand why social media is the culprit here because even if Even if it is a professional shooter social media is used and being used to confuse you about it and that is
the power.
That is the power we don't want our kids to be enslaved by.
Ladies and gentlemen, if your or your family fell for the fake health freedom movement, please send an email to GigaOMBiological.com.
Let us know.
Getting off of social media is what you really need to do.
This is fifth generation warfare.
Make no doubt about it.
We are in a trap and it is closing quite rapidly.
And let me find this music here and see if I can get this working.
Thank you very much to all of our donors.
Joanna, we got your letter today.
Thank you very much.
Not very much in the P.O.
box lately.
P.O.
Box 802, Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, 15102.
This is the Independent Bright Web.
Thank you very much for being here, everybody.
I will see you again in a few minutes.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
Let me see.
What do we got here?
Oh, yeah, that's right.
I was gonna show you this.
So I want to watch this later There's a very nice interview with my friend Dan Cohen He nails it hits it out of the park pretty well I just wanted to make sure you understand second thoughts about your mitigation recommendations considering the evidence that despite in 2022 senator Rand Paul was arguing and talking with
Tony Fauci, less developed world that is unable to do any of the things that you've been promoting.
Do you have any second thoughts?
Are you willing to look at the data that countries that did very little actually have a lower death rate to the United States?
Hopefully.
And I am, and my colleagues are humble enough and modest enough to realize that it's not any different than this.
In that hearing today, Secretary Kennedy made a number of questionable or misleading claims about vaccines, COVID, and the health of Americans.
Joining us now to unpack some of those is Dr. Richard Besser.
He's former acting director of the CDC in the Obama administration, now president and CEO of the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation.
And, for the record, we should note the foundation is a funder of the NewsHour.
Dr. Besser, welcome back to the show.
Thanks for joining us.
Great to be here.
Thank you.
So, Secretary Kennedy made a big claim in the hearing I want to ask you about.
He said that America is the sickest country in the world.
Take a listen to how he put it.
If we don't end this chronic disease, we are the sickest country in the world.
That's why we have to fire people at the CDC.
They did not do their job.
This was their job to keep us healthy.
Dr. Besser, the U.S.
In a way, you could see that as being part of the illusion right there.
The CDC is responsible for keeping us healthy?
Why would that be?
Don't we have doctors?
What does the CDC do between me and my doctor?
Why is the CDC supposed to keep everybody healthy?
That's a weird assertion as to what the CDC has providence over.
It's strange in a way, right?
Please, we need a good CDC.
We need a CDC who does the job.
Fends more than any other nation on healthcare.
Is it accurate to say we are the sickest country in the world?
Well, I don't think I would say we're the sickest country in the world, but I would agree with the Secretary that we're not getting the return on the investment.
And a lot of that has to do with where we're spending our money.
We're spending our money on healthcare services rather than on public health and other approaches to prevention.
He cites as part of the argument there what he says is a huge spike with chronic disease.
That number caught a lot of... And see what he's... I think if it's an area where nothing could be done to make sure... I'm hearing the secretary... About chronic diseases.
Well, I don't know what he's talking about there.
When the secretary was being confirmed, one of the things he said is that he's not a scientist and you shouldn't look to him for scientific information.
This is one of those situations where I would need to fact check that statistic.
But I wouldn't argue that we have real issues in America with chronic disease, and it's something where if you pull together the best and the brightest around science, we could make real progress.
There's another heated moment you heard Lisa report on there in the tape when Democratic Senator Mark Warner asked Secretary Kennedy about how many people died from COVID, and Kennedy answered, I don't think anybody knows that.
Do we know the answer to that, Dr. Besser?
We do.
When it comes to public health and data, you use all kinds of different tools to try and estimate what those numbers are.
And we know that in the United States, over a million lives were saved due to the COVID vaccines.
And we know around the world, millions of lives were saved.
So for him to say we don't know, well, you may not know an exact number, but when you're
That's funny because he actually missed it because we were talking about how many people die from COVID and he's talking about how many people were saved by the vaccine.
Talking about millions, that's pretty incredible.
And it's one of the big accomplishments of the first Trump administration was how quickly we got so many safe.
I mean, he deserves a Nobel Prize for it, right?
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
agrees.
They all agree that they deserve a Nobel Prize for warp speed.
It's remarkable.
It's exactly where I said they were taking us in 2021.
Highly effective vaccines to the people here in the United States, as well as due to the research from the National Institutes of Health for people around the globe.
Just to underscore that point on the efficacy of the vaccines, because the secretary was asked repeatedly about whether or not the COVID vaccine saved lives.
He wouldn't say definitively, and he said he wanted to see the data and take a look at the data.
What do we know about the efficacy of the COVID vaccine?
We know that the COVID vaccine is extremely safe and extremely effective.
You saw differences in effectiveness based on which vaccines, the mRNA vaccines, the technology that the secretary is putting in.
Oh, once upon a midnight dreary I woke with something in my head
I couldn't escape the memory of a phone call and of what you said Like a game show contestant with a parting gift I could not believe my eyes When I saw through the voice of a trusted friend Who needs to humor me and tell me lies Yeah, humor me and tell me lies And I'll lie to you and say I don't mind And as we sit so shall we find
you
many things but up in there I can see it how a lot of nervous magician waiting in the wings of a bad play where the heroes are right nobody thinks or expects too much hollywood's calling for the movie right singing hey baby let's keep in touch
Hey, baby, let's keep in touch.
But I want more than a touch.
I want you to reach me and show me all the things no one else can see.
So watch, I feel, we combine as well.
And soon, if we're lucky, we'll be unable to tell what's yours and mine.
The fishing's fine, and I'm diving at the run, so don't you fear.
when all it does is
And I've got some news for you It's in my ship still stands no matter what you drop And there ain't a whole lot that you can get I'm sure the battery's torn and the wind's gotten colder Perhaps I've grown a little cynical But I know no matter what the waitress rules I should drink it and always be full Yeah, I will drink it and always be full Alright!
This dream that you just can't shake.
I love you to the point you can't no longer take.
Well, all right.
OK, so be that way.
I hope and pray that next Sunday that you say, buddy, yeah.
Why do you want to give me a run around?
Is it a surefire way to speed things up when all it does is slow me down?
Oh, yeah.
It's your fireway to beat things up When all it does is slow heartbeat
Gotta love good music, ladies and gentlemen.
If there's one thing that can save us, it's listening to good music whenever needed.
I'm going to reverse.
I'm going to put this at the start again.
And then we'll listen.
I think you're going to really love what they're trying to hide is the fact that these operations go on all over the world all the time.
And if this one gets laid out for all of us to see, we're going to be able to find others.
And it compromises some very serious intelligence operations that have been going on for decades all over the place.
It might.
I'm not even I mean, of course, honeypot is like a real, you know, a real intelligence tool, you know, sending like
He's talking, excuse me.
The host is talking about Epstein and about how the list and the revealing of the list would expose all kinds of other intelligence operations.
And so I just want to remind you, I apologize.
I have to eat lunch before I go to the gym.
I want to remind you that I'm making the assertion
that this cannot possibly be, the US government and governments around the world cannot possibly be run by a combination of drugs, sex, and blackmail.
That's impossible.
And while some characters in the show may be controlled that way, or manipulated that way, or may have agreed to participate because of sex, drugs, or blackmail, that doesn't mean that the entire aircraft carrier works that way.
The vast majority of people have to believe in what they're doing.
They can't all be controlled by negative enforcement.
That's not possible.
And so it's absurd to pursue it that way.
It has to be something that people are along with, and that's why what I said in the beginning of the stream is so important.
If you believe that DNA has provided evidence that evolution happens, then you believe that we basically have the multi-generational
incentive, responsibility to take control of the evolution of the species so that we don't end up all being troglodytes.
And that would be enough to motivate people to participate in a theater like this.
Not these guys, but in general, what we are trying to fight, what I hope Dan and myself and Mark are trying to fight together.
getting politicians or, or celebrities or who it is in compromising positions and using that as blackmail is a real thing.
I, I don't know how, you know, without like seeing evidence, I don't know how prevalent or common or it is.
And I feel like
The Epstein thing is on the front page of the New York Times, I think, yesterday or I don't know if it was today or yesterday.
I'm like, the New York Times won't even say the word Israel's committed, you know, won't say that Israel's committing a genocide, but they're like pushing the Epstein thing.
I'm like, I don't know.
The New York Times is, you know, has done all kinds of crazy propaganda to cover for this.
I just feel like
the, I feel like it's just a little bit, like I said, too on the nose, like it's being like we're being baited in a way with it.
And there's something and there's something much deeper that I mean, and also like when you think about what is more
like, perfect for, like, low-grade Twitter slop than, like, some, like, crazy Jew running a pedophile blackmail rank.
You know what I mean?
It's, like, it's so easy that, like, yeah, I feel like we're kind of being, like, led around by the nose with it.
You know, again, I'm not denying the true stuff that's out there, but I feel like it's being overblown in order to distract
from from other things that are happening.
And like, you know, the more I mean, the way that that Trump and Vance and Kash Patel and like, the Trump administration blew this up to be this huge thing, and we're going to take them down.
And, oh, actually, they're in on it.
And, you know, it's like, it's like, it's, I think they just the same way, you know,
Like Democrats used Russiagate, oh, we're getting this big conspiracy and their base ate it up.
It's kind of, there's, I mean, except there's more truth with the Epstein thing in the sense that, yes, Epstein actually did commit crimes.
But like, those kernels of truth are being extrapolated into something much greater that it's like, this is the conspiracy that really, if we understand this is like a proxy for understanding why our system works the way it is, why we don't have accountability for this, that and the next thing.
And so I don't know, again, hey, put
Maybe I'm maybe I'm wrong.
Maybe you're totally right that it's like there that this, you know, we'll end up This one will be uncovered and that will uncover others.
I don't know.
I'm just saying That's my my sense and to be I mean
We want to get into this.
But like my the reason the reason a big reason I think that is because I have some mostly unreleased work on on COVID.
And it took my my belief on COVID.
Now, and it I
I feel extremely confident saying this is that there was no pandemic at all there never was a virus like going around and getting people sick and There was so the same way that I was talking about earlier a a
you know, like different sides to a psyop.
There's the the natural origin side.
And then there's the lab leak side.
And as long and those both are on the assumption that there was a pandemic.
It's just did it come from nature or a lab?
Or was it a bioweapon or an accident or whatever?
that's one of the main COVID psyops, and it assumes that it's even possible for a virus to travel around the world and not mutate.
And so one of the things I did that I was doing until October 7th, when I got pushed into that, is
I was documenting how the COVID origin debate unfolded since, you know, January 2020, even.
And it became so clear to me like Painfully clear like I was like I was beating myself, you know with like over-the-head clear That the whole thing was totally crafted by intelligence agencies and cutouts and the whole narrative and I and it actually when I I got to a point where I was like, I'm about 99
0.5% sure based on examining the propaganda that there was no pandemic.
But like, I can't evaluate from a scientific scientific perspective, I'm starting to suspect that like, maybe it's not even possible.
You know, maybe it's not just that there was no pandemic that, you know, this time, but the whole thing is just science fiction.
And I got in touch with this guy named J.J.
Cooey, who is one of the most really remarkable
thinkers that I know he's he's a he was an academic biologist who got fired from the University of Pittsburgh where he was teaching he's in Pittsburgh Pittsburgh now and he has a channel called giga ohm biological and he's not very active on social media and like he's mostly like just kind of he just kind of mostly comments on on He doesn't do a lot on like X. He's very active on his channel does long streams and like I reached out to him and
I was recommended to talk to him and he explained from a biology perspective a scientific perspective why I was right that yes, my suspicion was correct and
He was actually RFK Jr.'
's top advisor.
One of his top advisor, I don't know, he's listed in RFK Jr.'
's book, the Wuhan cover up, as he's the first name under the acknowledgement without whom this book would not have been possible.
So
I like the fact that he's being very accurate.
At first he said I was his chief or head advisor, and then he said, well, he doesn't know about that, but he's listed first in the book.
I like the fact that he said gigaohm biological out loud.
I like the fact that he isn't afraid to say what he learned from me.
I like this a lot.
This was already a couple of weeks ago.
I don't know why I didn't show it other than so many other things were happening behind the scenes.
But this made me very happy.
The article that he wrote with Housatonic about Li Min Yan made me very happy.
And I think there will be more to come.
I do.
And when he basically came to RFK in the middle of research and was like, I realized, he realized that a pandemic is not a real thing.
RFK basically fired him showed him politely showed him the door.
And so there's so my so I firmly believe and I'm looking forward to the day when I can get this piece out, but there was no pandemic.
And so that model that I saw of how
the pandemic narrative unfolded, and there's kind of different sides to it.
And it was a cover for something much more insidious, all of the measures, everything that was implemented, under the guise of a pandemic, I recognize that same, or a very similar pattern with the Epstein story, that I feel like we're being like, it's too on the nose, and we're just being like, led around with it.
Damn it, Dan.
I wish you didn't open that up with only like five minutes to go.
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, for being here.
Please don't forget that this is for all the marbles.
This is for the grandchildren of Earth.
That's why we are fighting with this fake movement of populist movement that's actually not real.
There is no right.
There is no left.
There's only social media confusion.
Don't think that you can't step out of the hamster wheel, though.
You are trapped in the wheel only because you scroll.
It doesn't matter which wheel you're trapped in.
It doesn't matter which stage you've been listening to at the Lollapalooza of liars.
All you need to do is realize that that armband is the problem, and you need to find the exit and leave.
Ladies and gentlemen, intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is a dumb idea from the late 1800s.
Transfection in healthy humans was always criminal because it's an old technology they're renaming.
RNA cannot pandemic because it can't.
It has none of the chemical attributes that DNA has, and even DNA doesn't prove evolution.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Autism is a meaningless word by design.
Thanks for being here.
I hope to see you guys again soon.
It is Friday, but you never know with the weekend.
We might be doing weekend shows now, depending on just how it works with the family.
I'm trying to figure out a way to get on here as much as possible as we transition to the regular teaching.
But again, I'm not going to start teaching until I have the first course done.
So it might be a little while yet.
You're going to have to be patient.
So in the meantime,
Download the PeerTube app, get troubleshooting it, and see if you can get Gigaohm on your phone and get Housatonic.
And get Housatonic live on your phone.
Thanks very much for being here.
See you again soon.
I will see you guys again tomorrow.
I'm going to hit the hardwood now.
We're going to start filming pretty soon.
I think you're going to be very excited.
I've made a lot of progress.
I'm almost back in shape again.
See you guys again soon.